README.md, before:

# TinnitusExpBackEnd.jl

Codebase for website to run the tinnitus experimental protocol built using [Genie Framework](https://genieframework.com/).

Contains functionality for subject and admin users, careful organization and storage of data, dynamically generated pages,
creation of unique protocols, assigment of protocols to subjects, and more. 

To set up and host the website locally, follow these steps in the Julia REPL:

```Julia
>pkg add Genie
using Genie
Genie.lodapp()
```

Check the database connection in `db/connection.yml` and make sure either the sqlite database exists or the other database is active.
To set up the connection:
```Julia
>pkg add SearchLight
using SearchLight
SearchLight.Migrations.init() # Create the schema_migrations table
SearchLight.Migrations.allup() # Run all migrations in schema_migrations
SearchLight.Migrations.status() # Check that all migrations print as "UP"
```

Finally, to locally host the website, simply run `up()`.

Work in progress as of June 2024.

Commit message:

feat: full use of envioment vars. place them in .env, connection.yml should nolonger be used

README.md, after:

# TinnitusExpBackEnd.jl

Codebase for website to run the tinnitus experimental protocol built using [Genie Framework](https://genieframework.com/).

Contains functionality for subject and admin users, careful organization and storage of data, dynamically generated pages,
creation of unique protocols, assignment of protocols to subjects, and more. 

To set up and host the website locally, follow these steps in the Julia REPL:

```Julia
>pkg add Genie
using Genie
Genie.lodapp()
```
The following must be set in your environment. I recommend putting a .env in the base of this directory.

POSTGRES_PASSWORD=<password>
POSTGRES_DB=postgres
POSTGRES_USER=postgres
GENIE_SECRET_TOKEN=<random string, suggested 64 chars>

Finally, to locally host the website, simply run `up()`.

Work in progress as of June 2024.

# Run with docker
create .env file here
```
POSTGRES_PASSWORD=<password>
POSTGRES_DB=postgres
POSTGRES_USER=postgres
GENIE_SECRET_TOKEN=<random string, suggested 64 chars>
PGADMIN_DEFAULT_EMAIL=bbclab@holycross.edu
PGADMIN_DEFAULT_PASSWORD=<password>
```

after ensuring docker is installed

```
docker compose up --build
```

It will have the container built and started at localhost:8000, a postgres database (not accessible outside of the docker network generated by the compose file), and pgadmin at localhost:8001 which can be used to collect the data generated from the experiments.

Note: while the database scheme is generated on first start, not default admin user is created (yet). For now you can access the user table in pgadmin and create a row for that user. Give it a name, the password can be anything hashed with sha256 (future work could be making this webapp use a better password hash...) and check is_admin. More users can be created from the admin page of the webapp once this user exists.
